README.md, before:

```
 _ _ _            __  __ ___ _____ ___   _____ ___  ___ ___ 
| (_) |__ _ _ ___|  \/  | __|_   _/_\ \ / / __| _ \/ __| __|
| | | '_ \ '_/ -_) |\/| | _|  | |/ _ \ V /| _||   /\__ \ _| 
|_|_|_.__/_| \___|_|  |_|___| |_/_/ \_\_/ |___|_|_\|___/___|
```
LibreMetaverse
===============================================================================
LibreMetaverse is a fork of libOpenMetaverse which in turn was a fork of
libSecondLife, a library for developing Second Life-compatible virtual world
clients. LibreMetaverse returns the focus to up-to-date Second Life and OpenSim
compatibility with an eye to performance, multi-threading, and memory management.

The canonical source for LibreMetaverse can be found at:
https://github.com/cinderblocks/libremetaverse

[![LibreMetaverse NuGet-Release](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/libremetaverse.svg?label=LibreMetaverse)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/LibreMetaverse/)  
[![NuGet Downloads](https://img.shields.io/nuget/dt/LibreMetaverse?label=NuGet%20downloads)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/LibreMetaverse/)  
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/pga5w0qken2k2nnl?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/cinderblocks57647/libremetaverse-ksbcr)  
[![Test status](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/tests/cinderblocks57647/libremetaverse-ksbcr?compact_message&svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/cinderblocks57647/libremetaverse-ksbcr)  
[![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/1cb97cd799c64ba49e2721f2ddda56ab)](https://www.codacy.com/gh/cinderblocks/libremetaverse/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=cinderblocks/libremetaverse&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)  
[![BSD Licensed](https://img.shields.io/github/license/cinderblocks/libremetaverse)](https://github.com/cinderblocks/libremetaverse/blob/master/LICENSE.txt)  
[![Commits per month](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/cinderblocks/libremetaverse/master)](https://www.github.com/cinderblocks/libremetaverse/)  
[![ZEC](https://img.shields.io/keybase/zec/cinder)](https://keybase.io/cinder) [![BTC](https://img.shields.io/keybase/btc/cinder)](https://keybase.io/cinder)

Commit message:

Docs: Added a simple installation procedure

README.md, after:

```
 _ _ _            __  __ ___ _____ ___   _____ ___  ___ ___ 
| (_) |__ _ _ ___|  \/  | __|_   _/_\ \ / / __| _ \/ __| __|
| | | '_ \ '_/ -_) |\/| | _|  | |/ _ \ V /| _||   /\__ \ _| 
|_|_|_.__/_| \___|_|  |_|___| |_/_/ \_\_/ |___|_|_\|___/___|
```
LibreMetaverse
===============================================================================
LibreMetaverse is a fork of libOpenMetaverse which in turn was a fork of
libSecondLife, a library for developing Second Life-compatible virtual world
clients. LibreMetaverse returns the focus to up-to-date Second Life and OpenSim
compatibility with an eye to performance, multi-threading, and memory management.

The canonical source for LibreMetaverse can be found at:
https://github.com/cinderblocks/libremetaverse

## Simple installation procedure

(Linux/macOS only)

- Make sure you have at least `dotnet` installed, with a valid net5.0/net6.0 SDK _and_ runtime available!
- From the root, run `dotnet restore`. You should get some errors regarding missing Windows libraries; that's ok, you can ignore those, they're to be expected since Linux/macOS do _not_ include such libraries. Some test applications are Windows-only.  
If all goes well, you should now have all dependent packages properly installed.
- From the root, run `dotnet msbuild`, and enjoy the superfast Roslyn compiler at work 😄 It should finish after a few minutes, depending on the speed of your machine.
- Your binaries will be under `../bin/net5.0` or `../bin/net6.0` (there might be a few more directories under `../bin`), depending on what runtimes you have installed on your system. Make sure you `cd` to the correct directory depending on the runtime you have, and then search for all your binaries there: they should be normal-looking executable files (with the `x` attribute set) and having the name of the appropriate test application (e.g. `TestClient` for the interactive testing tool).
- Unlike OpenSimulator, you don't need to launch the binaries with Mono, they're _directly_ executable; the `dotnet` chain already embeds the small runtime that allows .NET apps to run natively on whatever operating system you've got.

[![LibreMetaverse NuGet-Release](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/libremetaverse.svg?label=LibreMetaverse)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/LibreMetaverse/)  
[![NuGet Downloads](https://img.shields.io/nuget/dt/LibreMetaverse?label=NuGet%20downloads)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/LibreMetaverse/)  
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/pga5w0qken2k2nnl?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/cinderblocks57647/libremetaverse-ksbcr)  
[![Test status](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/tests/cinderblocks57647/libremetaverse-ksbcr?compact_message&svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/cinderblocks57647/libremetaverse-ksbcr)  
[![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/1cb97cd799c64ba49e2721f2ddda56ab)](https://www.codacy.com/gh/cinderblocks/libremetaverse/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=cinderblocks/libremetaverse&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)  
[![BSD Licensed](https://img.shields.io/github/license/cinderblocks/libremetaverse)](https://github.com/cinderblocks/libremetaverse/blob/master/LICENSE.txt)  
[![Commits per month](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/cinderblocks/libremetaverse/master)](https://www.github.com/cinderblocks/libremetaverse/)  
[![ZEC](https://img.shields.io/keybase/zec/cinder)](https://keybase.io/cinder) [![BTC](https://img.shields.io/keybase/btc/cinder)](https://keybase.io/cinder)
